README.md, before:

# Octopus Deploy Coding Challenge
### Assumptions or Questions
- Trying to figure out the best architectural approach was tricky. I went for a Clean Architecture approach with CQRS. 
  I've never implemented CQRS with multiple object types/database tables (only read and write on a single type like 
  "Release"), so was unsure how to compile the data for my GetReleasesQuery.
  <br>
  Calling the Env, Deployment and Project Services felt out of the jurisdiction of a Release Service Query. I thought 
  aggregating services calls in a layer above the Release Service may improve it logically, 
  however that would also extract the logic into another layer and I was weary of it turning into an onion.
- Mediatr is a useful tool for decoupling object communication, however I found it works best with async calls. 
  Despite our data source not requiring async, I thought the decoupling it created was beneficial and the async calls 
  would be useful had we been able to use an In-Memory DbContext as our data source.  

### Ideas or improvements
- Use a simple database like an EFCore DbContext. 
  Trying to build this without a database felt like I was going against best practices by loading the data in via the 
  sample data files. 
  This also made it trickier to test as I couldn't input data easily without raising the input data filepath to the 
  top to use separate files for the tests.
- Create POST endpoints to submit a new Project, Environment, Deployment or Release. A release request may only 
  return 200 if the associated project is present. Likewise for a Deployment/Environment.
- Add more complex error handling and validation on input by making use of the IPipelineBehaviour provided by Mediatr 
  (validation could be created with FluentValidation).

Commit message:

Separated test data from input data

README.md, after:

# Octopus Deploy Coding Challenge
### Assumptions or Questions
- I went for a Clean Architecture approach with CQRS as I felt it would scale well should the requirement to implement 
  CRUD actions arise.
- Calling the `Environment`, `Deployment` and `Project` services felt out of the jurisdiction of a `Release` service 
  query. I thought aggregating the service calls in a layer above the `GetReleasesQuery` handler *may* improve it 
  logically, but I was weary of it turning into an onion.
- Mediatr really shines with async calls which this app doesn't have due to the requirement of not using a database. 
  I figure we can make use of these async calls when the app scales (requiring more than text files as data sources),
  and it still simplified communication between objects with the decoupling it provides. 

### Ideas or improvements
- Use a simple database like an EFCore DbContext. Trying to build this without a database didn't seem like best 
  practices by storing data in JSON files.
- Create POST endpoints to submit a new Project, Environment, Deployment or Release. A release request may only 
  return 200 if the associated project is present. Likewise for a Deployment requiring an existing Environment.
- Add DTO model mapping should the API consumer require different data than what is stored. 
- Use Fluent Validation for validation on POST requests.
- Address cross-cutting concerns such as logging and validation with Mediatr.
